New Item Extension mod element (#2479)
MCreator/MCreator: plugins/mcreator-localization/help/default/item_extension/enable_fuel.md

> Check this case to make the selected item a fuel for furnaces like coal.

Reviewer: Coal is not a furnace.
```suggestion
Check this box to make the selected item a fuel for furnaces (like coal, planks, etc.).
```

> Check this box to make the selected item a fuel for furnaces (like coal, planks, etc.).

Reviewer: Определяет, можно ли использовать выбранный предмет как топливо в печках (подобно углю, доскам и т. д.).
